# TF::Vault::NomadSecretRole

Creates a Vault role for a Nomad token. This role configures how generated tokens 
will function.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "TF::Vault::NomadSecretRole",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#global" title="Global">Global</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#policies" title="Policies">Policies</a>" : <i>[ String, ... ]</i>,
        "<a href="#role" title="Role">Role</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#type" title="Type">Type</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: TF::Vault::NomadSecretRole
Properties:
    <a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#global" title="Global">Global</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#policies" title="Policies">Policies</a>: <i>
      - String</i>
    <a href="#role" title="Role">Role</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#type" title="Type">Type</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Backend

The unique path this backend should be mounted at. Must
not begin or end with a `/`. Defaults to `nomad`.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Global

Specifies if the generated token should be global. Defaults to
false.

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Policies

List of policies attached to the generated token. This setting is only used
when `type` is 'client'.

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Role

The name to identify this role within the backend.
Must be unique within the backend.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Type

Specifies the type of token to create when using this role. Valid
settings are 'client' and 'management'. Defaults to 'client'.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

