# Terraform::TLS::PrivateKey

Generates a secure private key and encodes it as PEM. This resource is
primarily intended for easily bootstrapping throwaway development
environments.

~> **Important Security Notice** The private key generated by this resource will
be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. **Use of this resource
for production deployments is *not* recommended**. Instead, generate
a private key file outside of Terraform and distribute it securely
to the system where Terraform will be run.

This is a *logical resource*, so it contributes only to the current Terraform
state and does not create any external managed resources.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::TLS::PrivateKey",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#algorithm" title="Algorithm">Algorithm</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#ecdsacurve" title="EcdsaCurve">EcdsaCurve</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#rsabits" title="RsaBits">RsaBits</a>" : <i>Double</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::TLS::PrivateKey
Properties:
    <a href="#algorithm" title="Algorithm">Algorithm</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#ecdsacurve" title="EcdsaCurve">EcdsaCurve</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#rsabits" title="RsaBits">RsaBits</a>: <i>Double</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Algorithm

The name of the algorithm to use for
the key. Currently-supported values are "RSA" and "ECDSA".

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### EcdsaCurve

When `algorithm` is "ECDSA", the name of the elliptic
curve to use. May be any one of "P224", "P256", "P384" or "P521", with "P224" as the
default.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### RsaBits

When `algorithm` is "RSA", the size of the generated
RSA key in bits. Defaults to 2048.

_Required_: No

_Type_: Double

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

#### PrivateKeyPem

Returns the <code>PrivateKeyPem</code> value.

#### PublicKeyFingerprintMd5

Returns the <code>PublicKeyFingerprintMd5</code> value.

#### PublicKeyOpenssh

Returns the <code>PublicKeyOpenssh</code> value.

#### PublicKeyPem

Returns the <code>PublicKeyPem</code> value.

