# Terraform::Vault::IdentityEntity

Creates an Identity Entity for Vault. The Identity secrets engine is the identity management solution for Vault. It internally maintains the clients who are recognized by Vault.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::IdentityEntity",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#disabled" title="Disabled">Disabled</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#externalpolicies" title="ExternalPolicies">ExternalPolicies</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#metadata" title="Metadata">Metadata</a>" : <i>[ <a href="metadata.md">Metadata</a>, ... ]</i>,
        "<a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#policies" title="Policies">Policies</a>" : <i>[ String, ... ]</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::IdentityEntity
Properties:
    <a href="#disabled" title="Disabled">Disabled</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#externalpolicies" title="ExternalPolicies">ExternalPolicies</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#metadata" title="Metadata">Metadata</a>: <i>
      - <a href="metadata.md">Metadata</a></i>
    <a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#policies" title="Policies">Policies</a>: <i>
      - String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Disabled

True/false Is this entity currently disabled. Defaults to `false`.

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### ExternalPolicies

`false` by default. If set to `true`, this resource will ignore any policies return from Vault or specified in the resource. You can use [`vault_identity_entity_policies`](identity_entity_policies.html) to manage policies for this entity in a decoupled manner.

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Metadata

A Map of additional metadata to associate with the user.

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of <a href="metadata.md">Metadata</a>

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Name

Name of the identity entity to create.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Policies

A list of policies to apply to the entity.

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

