# Terraform::Vault::GenericEndpoint

Writes and manages arbitrary data at a given path in Vault.

This resource enables configuration of arbitrary vault endpoints. It can
be used when a resource type is not available for a type of endpoint,
including when the endpoint is provided by a third-party plugin. This
resource can be used for endpoints with dynamic behavior including
write-only configuration endpoints, endpoints that return different
fields when read from those that were written, and endpoints that return
data when written to. This makes it more flexible than
the [generic secret resource](generic_secret.html) for use with
arbitrary endpoints.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::GenericEndpoint",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#datajson" title="DataJson">DataJson</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#disabledelete" title="DisableDelete">DisableDelete</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#disableread" title="DisableRead">DisableRead</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#ignoreabsentfields" title="IgnoreAbsentFields">IgnoreAbsentFields</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#path" title="Path">Path</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#writefields" title="WriteFields">WriteFields</a>" : <i>[ String, ... ]</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::GenericEndpoint
Properties:
    <a href="#datajson" title="DataJson">DataJson</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#disabledelete" title="DisableDelete">DisableDelete</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#disableread" title="DisableRead">DisableRead</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#ignoreabsentfields" title="IgnoreAbsentFields">IgnoreAbsentFields</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#path" title="Path">Path</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#writefields" title="WriteFields">WriteFields</a>: <i>
      - String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### DataJson

String containing a JSON-encoded object that will be
written to the given path as the secret data.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### DisableDelete

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### DisableRead

True/false. Set this to true if your vault
authentication is not able to read the data or if the endpoint does
not support the `GET` method. Setting this to `true` will break drift
detection. You should set this to `true` for endpoints that are
write-only. Defaults to false.

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### IgnoreAbsentFields

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Path

The full logical path at which to write the given
data. Consult each backend's documentation to see which endpoints
support the `PUT` methods and to determine whether they also support
`DELETE` and `GET`.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### WriteFields

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the Id.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

#### WriteData

Returns the <code>WriteData</code> value.

#### WriteDataJson

Returns the <code>WriteDataJson</code> value.

