# Terraform::Vault::AzureAuthBackendConfig

Configures the Azure Auth Backend in Vault.

This resource sets the access key and secret key that Vault will use
when making API requests on behalf of an Azure Auth Backend. It can also
be used to override the URLs Vault uses when making those API requests.

For more information, see the
[Vault docs](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/auth/azure/index.html#configure).

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::AzureAuthBackendConfig",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#clientid" title="ClientId">ClientId</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#clientsecret" title="ClientSecret">ClientSecret</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#environment" title="Environment">Environment</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#resource" title="Resource">Resource</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#tenantid" title="TenantId">TenantId</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::AzureAuthBackendConfig
Properties:
    <a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#clientid" title="ClientId">ClientId</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#clientsecret" title="ClientSecret">ClientSecret</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#environment" title="Environment">Environment</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#resource" title="Resource">Resource</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#tenantid" title="TenantId">TenantId</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Backend

The path the Azure auth backend being configured was
mounted at.  Defaults to `azure`.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### ClientId

The client id for credentials to query the Azure APIs.
Currently read permissions to query compute resources are required.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### ClientSecret

The client secret for credentials to query the
Azure APIs.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Environment

The Azure cloud environment. Valid values:
AzurePublicCloud, AzureUSGovernmentCloud, AzureChinaCloud,
AzureGermanCloud.  Defaults to `AzurePublicCloud`.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Resource

The configured URL for the application registered in
Azure Active Directory.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### TenantId

The tenant id for the Azure Active Directory
organization.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the Id.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

