# TF::Vault::GenericSecret

Writes and manages secrets stored in
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html)

This resource is primarily intended to be used with both v1 and v2 of
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html).
While it is also compatible, with some limitations, with other Vault
endpoints that support the `vault write` command to create and the
`vault delete` command to delete, see also
the [generic endpoint resource](generic_endpoint.html) for a more
flexible way to manage arbitrary data.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "TF::Vault::GenericSecret",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#allowread" title="AllowRead">AllowRead</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#datajson" title="DataJson">DataJson</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#disableread" title="DisableRead">DisableRead</a>" : <i>Boolean</i>,
        "<a href="#path" title="Path">Path</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: TF::Vault::GenericSecret
Properties:
    <a href="#allowread" title="AllowRead">AllowRead</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#datajson" title="DataJson">DataJson</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#disableread" title="DisableRead">DisableRead</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#path" title="Path">Path</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### AllowRead

True/false. Set this to true if your
vault authentication is able to read the data, this allows the resource to be
compared and updated. Defaults to false.

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### DataJson

String containing a JSON-encoded object that will be
written as the secret data at the given path.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### DisableRead

True/false. Set this to true if your vault
authentication is not able to read the data. Setting this to `true` will
break drift detection. Defaults to false.

_Required_: No

_Type_: Boolean

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Path

The full logical path at which to write the given data.
To write data into the "generic" secret backend mounted in Vault by default,
this should be prefixed with `secret/`. Writing to other backends with this
resource is possible; consult each backend's documentation to see which
endpoints support the `PUT` and `DELETE` methods.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Data

Returns the <code>Data</code> value.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

