# Terraform::Vault::RabbitmqSecretBackendRole

Creates a role on an RabbitMQ Secret Backend for Vault. Roles are
used to map credentials to the policies that generated them.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::RabbitmqSecretBackendRole",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#tags" title="Tags">Tags</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#vhost" title="Vhost">Vhost</a>" : <i>[ <a href="vhost.md">Vhost</a>, ... ]</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::RabbitmqSecretBackendRole
Properties:
    <a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#tags" title="Tags">Tags</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#vhost" title="Vhost">Vhost</a>: <i>
      - <a href="vhost.md">Vhost</a></i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Backend

The path the RabbitMQ secret backend is mounted at,
with no leading or trailing `/`s.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Name

The name to identify this role within the backend.
Must be unique within the backend.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Tags

Specifies a comma-separated RabbitMQ management tags.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Vhost

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of <a href="vhost.md">Vhost</a>

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the Id.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

