# TF::ECL::ComputeKeypairV2

Manages a V2 keypair resource within Enterprise Cloud.

~> **Important Security Notice** The private key generated by this resource will
be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. **Use of this resource
for production deployments is *not* recommended**. Instead, generate
a private key file outside of Terraform and distribute it securely
to the system where Terraform will be run.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "TF::ECL::ComputeKeypairV2",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#publickey" title="PublicKey">PublicKey</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#region" title="Region">Region</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: TF::ECL::ComputeKeypairV2
Properties:
    <a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#publickey" title="PublicKey">PublicKey</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#region" title="Region">Region</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Name

A unique name for the keypair. Changing this creates a new
keypair.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### PublicKey

A pre-generated OpenSSH-formatted public key.
Changing this creates a new keypair. If a public key is not specified, then
a public/private key pair will be automatically generated. If a pair is
created, then destroying this resource means you will lose access to that
keypair forever.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Region

The region in which to obtain the V2 Compute client.
Keypairs are associated with accounts, but a Compute client is needed to
create one. If omitted, the `region` argument of the provider is used.
Changing this creates a new keypair.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Fingerprint

Returns the <code>Fingerprint</code> value.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

#### PrivateKey

Returns the <code>PrivateKey</code> value.

