# Terraform::Vault::PkiSecretBackendConfigCa

Submits the CA information to a PKI Secret Backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::PkiSecretBackendConfigCa",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#pembundle" title="PemBundle">PemBundle</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::PkiSecretBackendConfigCa
Properties:
    <a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#pembundle" title="PemBundle">PemBundle</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Backend

The PKI secret backend the resource belongs to.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### PemBundle

The key and certificate PEM bundle.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

