# Terraform::Vault::AwsAuthBackendStsRole

Manages an STS role in a Vault server. STS roles are mappings
between account IDs and STS ARNs. When a login attempt is made
from an EC2 instance in the account ID specified, the associated
STS role will be used to verify the request. For more information,
see the [Vault documentation](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/aws.html#cross-account-access).

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
 written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and will
 appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these artifacts
 accordingly. See [the main provider documentation](../../index.html) for more
 details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::AwsAuthBackendStsRole",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#accountid" title="AccountId">AccountId</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#stsrole" title="StsRole">StsRole</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::AwsAuthBackendStsRole
Properties:
    <a href="#accountid" title="AccountId">AccountId</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#stsrole" title="StsRole">StsRole</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### AccountId

The AWS account ID to configure the STS role for.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Backend

The path the AWS auth backend being configured was
mounted at.  Defaults to `aws`.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### StsRole

The STS role to assume when verifying requests made
by EC2 instances in the account specified by `account_id`.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

