# Terraform::Vault::AwsAuthBackendCert

Manages a certificate to be used with an AWS Auth Backend in Vault.

This resource sets the AWS public key and the type of document that can be
verified against the key that Vault can then use to verify the instance
identity documents making auth requests.

For more information, see the [Vault
docs](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/auth/aws/index.html#configure-client).

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and will
appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these artifacts
accordingly. See [the main provider documentation](../index.html) for more
details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::AwsAuthBackendCert",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#awspubliccert" title="AwsPublicCert">AwsPublicCert</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#certname" title="CertName">CertName</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#type" title="Type">Type</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::AwsAuthBackendCert
Properties:
    <a href="#awspubliccert" title="AwsPublicCert">AwsPublicCert</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#certname" title="CertName">CertName</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#type" title="Type">Type</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### AwsPublicCert

The  Base64 encoded AWS Public key required to
verify PKCS7 signature of the EC2 instance metadata. You can find this key in
the [AWS
documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-identity-documents.html).

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Backend

The path the AWS auth backend being configured was
mounted at.  Defaults to `aws`.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### CertName

The name of the certificate.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Type

Either "pkcs7" or "identity", indicating the type of
document which can be verified using the given certificate. Defaults to
"pkcs7".

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

