# TF::Vault::TerraformCloudSecretCreds

Generates tokens for Terraform Cloud.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "TF::Vault::TerraformCloudSecretCreds",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#role" title="Role">Role</a>" : <i>String</i>,
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: TF::Vault::TerraformCloudSecretCreds
Properties:
    <a href="#backend" title="Backend">Backend</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#role" title="Role">Role</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### Backend

The path to the Terraform Cloud secret backend to
read credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Role

The name of the Terraform Cloud secret backend role to generate
a token for, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

#### LeaseId

Returns the <code>LeaseId</code> value.

#### Organization

Returns the <code>Organization</code> value.

#### TeamId

Returns the <code>TeamId</code> value.

#### Token

Returns the <code>Token</code> value.

#### TokenId

Returns the <code>TokenId</code> value.

