# TF::Cloudflare::AccessCaCertificate

Cloudflare Access can replace traditional SSH key models with short-lived
certificates issued to your users based on the token generated by their Access
login.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "TF::Cloudflare::AccessCaCertificate",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#accountid" title="AccountId">AccountId</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#applicationid" title="ApplicationId">ApplicationId</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#zoneid" title="ZoneId">ZoneId</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: TF::Cloudflare::AccessCaCertificate
Properties:
    <a href="#accountid" title="AccountId">AccountId</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#applicationid" title="ApplicationId">ApplicationId</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#zoneid" title="ZoneId">ZoneId</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### AccountId

The account to which the Access CA certificate should be added. Conflicts with `zone_id`.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### ApplicationId

The Access Application ID to associate with the CA certificate.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### ZoneId

The DNS zone to which the Access CA certificate should be added. Conflicts with `account_id`.

_Required_: No

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Aud

Returns the <code>Aud</code> value.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

#### PublicKey

Returns the <code>PublicKey</code> value.

