# Terraform::Vault::IdentityEntityAlias

Creates an Identity Entity Alias for Vault. 

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "Terraform::Vault::IdentityEntityAlias",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#canonicalid" title="CanonicalId">CanonicalId</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#mountaccessor" title="MountAccessor">MountAccessor</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>" : <i>String</i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Terraform::Vault::IdentityEntityAlias
Properties:
    <a href="#canonicalid" title="CanonicalId">CanonicalId</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#mountaccessor" title="MountAccessor">MountAccessor</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#name" title="Name">Name</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### CanonicalId

Entity ID to which this alias belongs to.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### MountAccessor

Accessor of the mount to which the alias should belong to.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Name

Name of the alias. Name should be the identifier of the client in the authentication source. For example, if the alias belongs to userpass backend, the name should be a valid username within userpass backend. If alias belongs to GitHub, it should be the GitHub username.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the tfcfnid.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### tfcfnid

Internal identifier for tracking resource changes. Do not use.

#### Id

Returns the <code>Id</code> value.

